Update regression readme (#1405)
iotaledger/iri: python-regression/README.md

stitching transaction is issued, and another transaction referencing that one is issued. After these transactions are 
issued, making `getTransactionsToApprove` calls should not crash the node.  

Machine 5 - Milestone Validation Tests: This machine uses 2 nodes. Both nodes are loaded with the same db. The db 
contains several signed milestone transactions, and several unsigned transactions. One node is set to validate the 
testnet coordinator signature, while the other is not. The one that requires validation should solidify to one point, 
while the other should solidify further. 

Machine 6 - Local Snapshotting Tests: This machine uses 4 nodes. The first node contains the snapshot `meta` and `state`
files, the `spent-addresses-db` and `testnetdb` of a synced node. The second only contains the database, and the third 
only contains the snapshot files. All three of these nodes are tested to ensure that they solidify to the same point, 
and that the proper information is contained in the snapshot files and databases. The fourth node has a larger database 
that contains more milestones than the `local-snapshots-pruning-depth`. This node is checked to make sure that after 

> starting, transactions that should be pruned form the database have been pruned correctly.   

Reviewer: form -> from

### Running Tests on TIAB (Requires present kubernetes configuration)
These tests have been written to interact with a set of nodes with provided configurations, running on a `kubernetes` 
cluster. The `ciglue.sh` script will run all the available machines in the `./tests/features/` directory. The nodes will
be configured based off of the `./tests/features/machine[x]/config.yml` file, and will update the 
`./tests/features/machine[x]/output.yml` file with the newly created cluster host and port information. This script then
proceeds to run each of the feature files in the respective machine directories, and these tests are run on the nodes 
specified in the `output.yml` file. Once the tests have completed, the cluster is torn down. The default logging 

> of these tests is verbose, for debugging purposes. To use this automated script, simply use the following command: 

Reviewer: Can we change the default logging behaviour? (Options for -v)

```
bash ciglue.sh [insert iri docker image here]
```

To run on the latest IOTA build, run:
```
bash ciglue.sh iotacafe/iri-dev:latest

> ```

Reviewer 2: can this work locally just like this without running minikube?
for me it doesn't work...

Anyhows, I don't think it makes sense to invest time in running minikube instructions unless we figure out how to run a subset of tests on that and see how we can debug them.

Make sure you leave a note that the tests will fail if you run them locally like that (unless I am mistaken)

### Running Tests Locally

To run the tests using a local/custom node, the first step will be to define the nodes that you would like to run the 
tests on. Each `aloe` test will run off of a given feature file, stored in the `./tests/features/machine[x]` directory.
The tests rely on an `output.yml` configuration file, which contains the host and port information of the nodes that 
the test will be run on. This file is generated automatically by the `TIAB` approach, but needs to be generated/filled 

> out manually for local tests. The `output.yml` files are found in the machine directory for the test, and should have a 

Reviewer 3: Do we need the content of the `config.yml` files inside the `output.yml`?

structure as follows: 

```
nodes:
  nodeA:
    host: localhost
    podip: localhost
    ports:
      api: 14265
      gossip-udp: 14600
      gossip-tcp: 15600
      zmq-feed: 5556
    clusterip_ports:
      api: 14265
      gossip-udp: 14600
      gossip-tcp: 15600
      zmq-feed: 5556

  nodeB:
    host: localhost
    podip: localhost
    ports:
      api: 15265
      gossip-udp: 14605
      gossip-tcp: 15605
      zmq-feed: 6556
    clusterip_ports:
      api: 15265
      gossip-udp: 14605
      gossip-tcp: 15605
      zmq-feed: 6556

``` 

Once the `output.yml` configuration is set, the tests can be run.

From the `python-regression` directory, a test can be run using the following command structure: 
```
aloe [Feature file name]  -w [Location of feature file]  -v [Optional: verbose test name logging] --nologcapture 

> [Optional: release logging for individual tests for increased verbosity]

Reviewer 2: The `[....]` looks like something we need to fill in when typing the command in the cli, or Optional according to linux `man`.
Maybe change it to something like:

aloe *Feature File Name*  -w *Location of feature file*  [-v] [--nologcapture]

-v - verbose test name logging
--nologcapture - release logging for individual tests for increased verbosity

In linux `man` there would be underlining and no italics. I just wasn't able to underline in the comments.

```

i.e. For the api tests:
```
aloe 1_api_tests.feature -w ./tests/features/machine1/ -v --nologcapture 
```

### Extra Features

> If you would like to only run part of a machine test, flags can be input into the feature file above the `Scenario: ` 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you would like to only run part of a feature test, flags can be input into the feature file above the `Scenario: ` 
```

## Python Regression Testing
A testing suite for performance and dynamic testing of IRI. These tests currently only work in the `python2.7` 
environment.

### Aloe testing
This suite uses aloe for performing tests. Once this repository is cloned, make sure you are in the PythonRegression 

> directory. Here you can create a VM to run the tests on and install the necessary packages using:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
directory. Here you can create a virtual environment to run the tests on and install the necessary packages using:
```
`venv` is not a VM :-)

contains several signed milestone transactions, and several unsigned transactions. One node is set to validate the 
testnet coordinator signature, while the other is not. The one that requires validation should solidify to one point, 
while the other should solidify further. 

Machine 6 - Local Snapshotting Tests: This machine uses 4 nodes. The first node contains the snapshot `meta` and `state`
files, the `spent-addresses-db` and `testnetdb` of a synced node. The second only contains the database, and the third 
only contains the snapshot files. All three of these nodes are tested to ensure that they solidify to the same point, 
and that the proper information is contained in the snapshot files and databases. The fourth node has a larger database 
that contains more milestones than the `local-snapshots-pruning-depth`. This node is checked to make sure that after 
starting, transactions that should be pruned from the database have been pruned correctly. This machine also includes 
tests for spent addresses including a test for exporting and merging spent addresses using IXI 
modules.   

> 

Reviewer 2: Good :-)
We just need to remember to update this per in each test PR
